docs: add release notes for 0.20.1 (#6235)
determined-ai/determined: docs/release-notes.rst

 Release Notes
###############

**************
 Version 0.20
**************

Version 0.20.1
==============

**Release Date:** March 15, 2023

**Breaking Changes**

> -  Database: Several unused columns have been dropped from ``raw_steps``, ``raw_validations``,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Database: Several unused columns have been dropped from the ``raw_steps``, ``raw_validations``,
```

>    ``raw_checkpoints`` database tables. The database migration will involve a sequential scan for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   and ``raw_checkpoints`` database tables. The database migration will involve a sequential scan for
```

>    these tables, and it may take significant amount of time, depending on the database size and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   these tables, and it may take a significant amount of time, depending on the database size and
```

   performance.

**New Features**

> -  Added an ability for tasks or experiments to expose arbitrary ports that can be tunneled to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Allow tasks and experiments to expose arbitrary ports that can be tunneled to via the
```
Not sure if something like "via" was the intent, or if there should instead be a noun at the end of the line. @ioga

   using the CLI. See :ref:`proxy-ports` for more details or an example at
   ``examples/features/ports``.

-  Container Images: Add maintained images for PyTorch-only environments.

>       -  Current environment images contain both PyTorch and TensorFlow which results in large image
>          sizes. Adding a class of images for users who do not require TensorFlow but may still
>          require TensorBoard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      -  Current environment images contain both PyTorch and TensorFlow, resulting in large image
         sizes. The new images are appropriate for users who do not require TensorFlow but may still
         require TensorBoard.
```
Also just put this in one paragraph with the first line.

**Removed Features**

> -  API: Remove internal ``ExpCompareMetricNames``, ``ExpCompareTrialsSample`` endpoints, which have

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  API: Remove internal ``ExpCompareMetricNames`` and ``ExpCompareTrialsSample`` endpoints, which have
```
